Your fiancé
Same sex means he is not
If you say no, it's not.
Then I'll let the Huo family go bankrupt first
Test your feelings
You have the ability to bankrupt him
You have the ability to make him come back
You should know that I don't care if your man is a city
Can't my man be changed?
It used to be you
It can be someone else now
I don't allow you to change
Where are they?
Could it be that you are the president of the group?
Oh, did he lie to me first?
Yes
I don't care who you are.
I will because I am about to get married
If you miss me
You married someone older than you to make me angry
I don't want to
I was a liar back then
But I definitely didn't
I really didn't find the right opportunity to leave and escape
That's all.
How was it?
Let's go, you can change it in a while.
It doesn't have to be in my world anymore
Well I've never had another woman but you
Do you think I should trust you again?